add doxygen inline docs (#69)
smartdevicelink/sdl_core_guides: docs/Doxygen Inline Documentation/index.md

## Doxygen Inline Documentation

> For more detailed documentation on Core check out the [doxygen webpage](http://sdl-core-doxygen-documentation.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed documentation on SDL Core, please visit the [Doxygen webpage](http://sdl-core-doxygen-documentation.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html)!
```
